"A young man enters a taxi"
"and the tour begins."
"The taxi is speeding up to 130 km/h (80 mph) in town."
Please, could you be more careful, I have four kids at home.
You have four kids at home?
And there you tell me to be more careful?!
Forget about it, Dieter, okay?!
Is this correct?
Clear the rubbish from the rear seats first.
Okay, boss.
How did the shift go?
Any news about your son?
Have you made a decision?
Yes!
"Good Boy".
These were still in her car.
Not a lot has changed.
Almost 10 years have passed since last time.
It was not because of Rita.
Where is he?
You still have your cave here.
Thanks.
Enjoy your meal.
I am sorry about your mum.
How about a hamburger, like them over there?
Yes?
Sorry, ain't got no time now.
Can you manage on your own?
Damn it... Yeah, okay. See you soon, bye.
I have to start another round.
These are yours now
You certainly know the way.
Oh No, the light, I am always getting ten years older
Pst! The lad is sleeping.
Come and have a look.
Locked up.
We can drink now.
Hey, Sven. Let's toast to our new life.
Sven!
He's not talking to me any more.
What do you expect after all these years?
That he hugs you straight away?
Would be the least, wouldn't it?
Achim, I did not cook, but look how I am crouched down.
Honestly, what do you think...?
Can you imagine me as "father"?
Yes, I think you would be a wonderful dad.
I am afraid that I lack the experience.
You never have been...
You know what? At first we need a bigger flat. Big, ...
We?
Yes!
Evi is moving out, into a great flat.
It's really great. Since we are already 3.
You were always strong in maths.
I can even count to 4.
Hello.
where is he?
Him?
Do you mean your father?
He's just gone, driving already.
Are you living here too?
Would that be so bad?
Chronic lack of sleep?
Shouldn't the little one sleep through now?
Come on, Dieter, let it be.
Two taxi drivers are talking to each other:
I am totally broke ("sitting on dry ground").
Aren't you lucky, I am about to go drown.
And? I like this one.
Alright, here is the freight.
Where do you want to go?
Us?
Is there anybody else?
To the movies.
Hop on, I give you a ride.
Come on.
I've got asthma. Got it from my parents genes.
Ah, okay.
Sven says that I could still become an actor.
I am talented, ain't I, Sven?
So Sven is your manager now?
I tutored him once.
Why can't I come any longer?
I don't object. You need to speak to Sven.
And to your parents, of course.
Well, my mom doesn't care anyway.
She likes it, when I am not around.
He too doesn't have a father.
Do you have any friends?
Your age?
How do you spend your day?
Apart from movies and computer?
I do have friends, but I had to move.
At first I only had a job during studying.
And then you were there and I had to feed the whole family.
Back then, I bought my first taxi.
The meter was at 630.000 Km (390600 Miles)
Sven? Are you inspecting your inheritance?
If dad continues to make debts, then nothing will be left.
Cut it out. We're not there yet.
But almost.
Do you want to run the shop in the future?
Hey! The boy's great at school, no need to become a taxidriver.
Hopefully, we won't be a poor student.
So, start the engine on "D".
Release the brakes.
Hey! Stopp, Stopp, Stopp!
Almost!
I said, just a little bit.
Reverse now, release the brakes, slowly.
Great job.
But your father's right.
One can never stop learning.
Dads are always right.
Did you now?
Yes.
Before I forget, we have a BBQ on Saturday.
I would be glad if you could come,
don't let yourself get convinced by him.
No. Never.
My son is just 11, but I've got a daughter your age.
Excuse me.
Won't be long.
As she leaned over the reeling...
Yes?
... she felt dizzy.
One comes home, expecting no trouble...
And the wife acts like a real housewife.
What a shock this must be for you.
You also could put my slippers here.
Of course, did Rita do this all the time?
What's up?
Why?
You act so strange...
Your nuts.
Cut it out.
don't let me disturb you.
Where were we?
You stopped at "dizzy".
Actually he's called Rolf, but I call him Rollmops.
Just for myself, of course.
I don't like him a lot.
Luckily he only comes on weekends.
Help yourself.
Thanks.
If he is here, they just stay in bed, having sex.
If you know, what I mean.
Do we?
No idea.
Sven, don't you like it?
Just put the damn headset down.
At least during dinner.
Sven! Hello, I am talking to you!
Damn it!
Anyway, "Rollmops" wants us to move in with him,
but I ain't going to such a forsaken place.
When are you getting picked up by your mom?
Erm, could I sleepover at Sven's?
I am not sure if you mom...
She is fine with that.
Well, I am not.
I don't want him to stay.
Why not?
Because!
New perfume?
It's the gift from you.
And I thought, you didn't like it?
"The cloud riding moon looked considerably down on the fragrance, ...
Silly ass.
... how lucky to be loved and to love, how lucky..." or so.
Or so...
Yes.
Tell me,
do you know that your son is shaving himself?
He is getting 18 soon.
I meant everywhere, the legs, the arm pits, he pubic hair.
This is common today.
How'd you know?
He forgot to lock up.
Indeed.
Come on, you are still getting on with each other.
Same as you two are getting on.
We are making progress.
It's almost normal already, you shouting at him.
He's a young lad, the juices are streaming
and he jacks off. "If you know what I mean".
Hey, he masturbates like a champion, really.
We have a sharp rise in using paper tissues.
I think that something is wrong with him.
Cut it out, Julia.
Maybe he is gay.
He lost his mom, that's all there is.
Witte calls a taxi and gets to a gorgeous mansion with a pool.
And then he said: "Super and he leads the pastor to a hut, with a straw bed and things.
Man Dieter, think about the kids.
Come on, it's a clean joke.
I know it already.
Really?!
The pastor is complaining: "Petre, you are mixing things up, all my life I preached and worked in God's house...
Yes, but they all fell asleep during your service and prayed in the taxi then.
Dieter, I knew this joke.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, mum!
Your daughter is really cute.
How did you do that, two such cute kids?
Just by using my genes.
Steak, sausages?
erm... sausage, but small and larger for Achim.
Jennifer started an apprenticeship at a solicitor.
Really? Super!
We are all so proud, aren't we my "chicken"?
Leave the kid alone.
I just mentioned the apprenticeship.
Where on earth is Sven?
Such a gentleman, leaving you there on your own.
I don't care.
Oh no, it's like a boys choir and I don't like it at all. Such shit.
Did you ever sing in a choir?
Everything alright?
Yes.
Man, turn on some good music.
Careful Roland, it's my favourite disc.
Achim, your boy has taste.
Sven, Lukas, turn it down.
But without Doris...
and only with my monthly salary, ...
we couldn't even afford the house.
But at least you are getting paid each month.
Just listen to the Entrepreneur.
Have you ever been at my home?
You had to pay your support for years.
It's not getting any cheaper now.
Very bare residence, nacked bulbs at the ceiling.
Everybody should be blissed.
Hey Kordula - your pint is empty. Another one?
No, thanks. I can't have another one.
Jennifer, can you check if there is any juice in the cellar?
Sven, just help her.
And where is your "prince", Kordula?
"Prince"? Why?
have you ever met an African, who isn't a prince?
Gastong has to work.
say, when is it?
End of November, according to plan.
And what about you two? Don't you want?
We are working on it.
Old man can't rush.
Man Dieter, you are a nuisance.
It's okay. He is absolutely right.
Yes, you are a horrible old man.
Just think. Would my child finish school, I would be over 60.
Joachim's kids always go for "A levels".
And what good would it bring for the child to have such an old father?
But nothing is more sad than a childless couple.
I am currently fully enjoying to be a father.
Sorry, WE are enjoying it.
No problem.
You can't ask for more good luck.
You could even start dancing.
Okay, I admit it. What's the sentence?
I thoroughly enjoyed the night out and you?
Sven?
Didn't you notice, how much rubbish you are talking?
Why? I didn't do it wrong.
47 plus 18, no 19, such a child has to be made first.
OMG, you and your paranoia!
Just to take on some responsibility once in a while.
You never have taken any, not even once.
I am working on it.
Did you ever fall in love?
I don't think you can.
Yet again, my inability to love.
I had to endure this for many years, but still I am sought after.
Cut it out. I can't hear it anymore. Stop the car.
But you are totally drunk.
stop the car now, I want to get out.
Julia!
Stop being such a drama queen and be reasonable.
I am sorry, yes?
Let go of me, you asshole.
For you as well?
Okay.
Did you know that drunkards can only say one thing?
No.
It's true.
Just one thing. all night long.
Maybe the whole life is as monotone.
Cheers.
There are long ans short sentences.
And with long ones, you feel free.
Do you get me?
I did study philosophy once.
Enough to spoil a character.
Why doesn't she go looking for another partner?
Julia?
It is probably because of this monotony.
And Jennifer...
...the little blond has a crush on you.
You didn't notice, did you?
You're the same as me, aren't you?
If the ladies have a crush on you, they have lost already.
Right?
It's still filthy here, don't you see?
It's easy to spot.
Just close it, I want to start moving.
I cannot understand why Kordula fell for him.
It's a system. These guys know the bible inside out.
They just follow the bible:
Be fertile and grow in numbers and become the earth's lords.
It's about time to do something about this.
BTW, greetings from Doris. It was a nice night, wasn't it?
yes, we all had great fun.
Did it last much longer?
Could you please drop this for Julia at the hotel?
Blouses?
Dress.
Just marry her and make her pregnant. Would be a sensible thing to do.
Ralf, stop bullshitting me.
If it would be that easy.
Someone is longing to see you.
Yes?
I have to talk to you.
I'm listening.
It I were you, I would close the door.
Go on, tell what he did with you.
Open your mouth, will you?!
Just tell what Sven did to you.
come on, have a seat.
Go on.
Sven.
come along, we are going home.
Why? I am just doing homework.
You are coming right now!
Unlock!
Where is it?
I want to see this damn videotape right now.
Okay!
Unlock!
Open up!!
I'm from a casting agency and looking for movie actors.
Would you like to join?
Oh yes, please. What do I need to do?
Introduce yourself first. What's your name?
I am called Patrick.
Can you make a funny face?
okay
And can you make a sad face?
Just imagine..., imagine someone has died.
Like when my dad did die?
Yes, for example.
Okay.
Like this?
Super.
Cold, cold, cold.
Warmer.
Even warmer, really hot.
I can see you.
And when are you opening the door?
One moment.
Maybe you know the magic word.
Smashing.
Cool, isn't it??
Indeed.
And this is your office now?
Yes, it is.
Cool.
To be safe.
Superstar.
You want to see my bum?
Don't show anybody, please?!
Do you know, how to kiss?
You disgusting, dirty pig.
Sven! Open up! Open up!!
Sven! you have to throw up. Throw up!
One more time.
Sven, everything's gonna be allright, my boy.
You do know your fairy tales, do you?
Then you should know, what the dog, the cat and the donkey told the rooster.
Everywhere you will find something better than Death.
"To rent"
That is all?
It's turning itself off.
Not so fast, it won't.
I never did anything, you didn't like.
You're not serious, aren' you?
If you love somebody...
... you can't hurt him.
And who loves whom now?
As if you now anything about love.
That is not love, that is...
abuse,
sexual abuse.
You could serve time for this.
You could end up in a mental care unit or in prison.
Maybe this would be better, anyway.
Sven!
Do you really want to feel the impact of this stupid thing for the rest of your life?
Hey, Son.
We will manage to get over this.
Promise me that you won't see Patrick again, please?!
His mom will report you, if she sees both of you together again, even just once.
It's your luck, that he has not told her everything.
No more playgrounds.
And no places, where little boys go.
Even no more schools?
You've got some nerve. Internet is also banned.
How do I look?
Julia, you look great. It suits you fantastic.
Am I disturbing you?
what has happened?
Did he had to fight?
Did you hit him?
what's up?
I think it's better, if we don't see each other for a while.
You're having a laugh?!
Asking me to come here, dressed like this.
It's all too much for me and...
... I need some distance.
You need distance?
Well, yes.
You can't be beaten there...!
Is it because of the boy?
Am I in your way?
I do know what's up with him. I'm not blind.
What's up with Sven?
I have seen the booklets.
Achim, that's sick.
I want you to go now.
Did you ever notice, how he turns round for kids?
Everything alright?
They seem to think, that my dad is a millionaire.
Gets me picked up from school by taxi every day.
Your dad, the unknown being?
Mum also had a Christophorus.
Aha?!
Is this supposed to be "venetian red"?
That's what it says.
Looks pink to me.
Piggie pink.
Hey, wasn't meant that way.
You have no idea, how many places I have decorated.
Not a single job was completed.
Says who?
Mum.
Your mother...
Always the perfectionist. Every cushion and blanket in the right place.
We didn't have any blankets.
It's making me sick to see it finished; I always need to have a ladder leaned on the wall.
Dad!
Dad?
Must have been a slip.
Yes, it just came out.
Someone really got shocked here.
Yes, that's the way.
Don't paint the spot to often, the wallpaper comes off then.
Oops, too late.
Any birthday wishes?
Nothing.
You will be 18, this has to be celebrated.
I don't want to turn 18.
But I want you to turn 18.
Me, your dad, wants you to turn 18.
And I am sure to have the better arguments here.
what's this now?
Too much stink of paint.
Don't fart under the blanket, okay?
But I have to breath your smoke.
You...
when I was a little boy, ...
... I had a friend.
Who was my age, ...
9 or 10 years old.
I absolutely admired him.
Every time, I thought about him, ...
... my heart has beaten like crazy.
And I had to think about him often.
No, not what you are thinking.
It was simple platonic. I just thought him great.
I even remember his house's street name.
Brabanter Street.
Just admit it, you cherished him.
No never.
It was a kiddie thing and everything turned out normal afterwards.
You think that you're normal?
That's not funny.
Did yo ever have sex with a girl?
Why are you asking this now?
Everywhere I look, there are beautiful girls.
You're starting to drool.
So, what about Jennifer?
What I am supposed to do with her?
Go to the movies, hold hands, show her your stamp collection.
Come on, you know what I mean.
Did you brush your teeth?
Yes.
Did you cur your fingernails?
Yeees.
And washed your dick?
And who refuses to grow up here?!
There she is.
She has to be home at 12. Can you drive her?
Let's see.
Just wait.
There is a child molester party in Holland.
who is taking part in the election.
Our own fault, if it all falls to bits.
Am I right?
Of course.
what's the subject?
Defending the Christian human image.
So you think this is again funny.
Erm, Dieter?
Everything is a joke for you.
Yeees, I just didn't pay attention.
Even if not everybody at the table wants to hear this:
Sexuality is about giving life.
Simply that can only work between male and female.
I much prefer a nice boy on my lap than a fat old hen in my arm.
I am telling you now: If such a person would just look at my boy, ...
... I would personally rip his balls off.
Yes?
Julia, you're not supposed to call me.
I'm just going out.
Nevertheless it's preaching.
What for a phone number?
No, I won't right anything down now.
Maybe you will need a therapist, but not us.
Damn it, Julia. I don't want now.
"This man is seducing little boys".
Looks like you've had a great time.
Everything allright?
Did he hurt you?
come on, I am driving you home.
I was always afraid of it.
Pubic hair, that's ...
... that's disgusting.
You just have to totally fall in love, then it doesn't matter any more.
But I did fall in love, really.
it's you who thinks, that I cannot.
Rubbish.
No, that's exactly what you think.
According to you, I don't have feelings.
No, ...
... I just said: Sex without love is not desirable.
For anybody.
Dad, I think you don't want to understand me at all.
Okay,
Explain yourself.
This is my darling.
I would like to hug him.
Sven, that's enough.
I love Patrick.
Sometime I imagine to tender him.
How I kiss him.
Stop it.
How I kiss him all over his body.
Damn it, listen, stop it.
I can't hear this bullshit any longer.
I feel love, much love.
"This man is seducing little boys".
Do you want to ask me something?
If I feel the need to ask you anything, ...
... then I couldn't live with you any longer.
yes.
We would split up then.
Yeah, I got the message.
"Child molester"
corpses can be molested. Do they think, children are corpses?
I can hear you.
I know that you are there.
This guy is so taking advantage of you.
I don't know...
Just have a look at the latest bill.
Do I have to take care of everything?
If not you, who else?
Who's the boss here?
You hardly come around here any longer.
I just ran into Julia, by sheer luck.
Coincidence!?
You cannot treat her like this.
can't I?
If the boy has problems...
Just listen to me.
"The boy" is my son, and any problems he has, are my problems, understood?
Obviously not.
Oh shit.
Achim, we have known each other for so long.
We can talk about everything
About what do you want to talk?
Do you think that I am an idiot?
You're the one treating everybody like an idiot!
Please Alf, I have to concentrate, as I need to go to the bank shortly.
Why do you think, I am wearing this *** small tuxedo?
Looks like a from a funeral, doesn't it?
Yes, maybe.
"Report of losses"
I am subject to a sickling revenue, did you know?
Might be contagious, so ...
... keep your distance.
What's the reason of this?
I want you to lock me in.
Did something happen?
Sven?
Nothing.
Why are you doing this then?
It's better this way.
It's better this way?
Do you mean, you can't let out now?
Let's say, I want to prevent similar situations.
Sven, that's down to yourself only.
You can't just lock yourself in for the rest of your life, doing nothing but jacking off.
That's not living.
It's my life, what do you know?
Well, I will not lock you in.
I leave it for others to do then.
I will not let my son get locked away.
Understood?
The taxi is just arriving at the petrol station.
The 4 penguins are all the rear seats, seatbelts fastened.
The clerk spots them and bewildered, he asks: ...
... "What's the big idea with these penguins?"
Taxi driver: " I'm not sure yet myself."
"Just drop them at the zoo." replies the clerk
"Excellent idea." says the driver and drives on.
Next day, he returns...
... again with 4 penguins, who are wearing sunglasses now and the clerk...
All laugh, here comes the freight.
Can you drive me to the hotel, please?
How are you?
And Sven?
Did you consult this therapist?
No.
Why won't you take any advice?
There are possibilities...
For him to be branded?
"Beware paedophile, folks lock your kids away", no way.
No, just to prevent another "Patrick".
What happened to him?
Achim, I have checked, advice and help is avail.
They will say that there...
I do know what they will say.
Once a paedophile, always a paedophile
So, what do they want?
And what, if they are able to help him?
For him to prevent harm to himself and the kids.
For him not to think about getting turned on, if a kid smiles at him.
Oh, Achim.
He could learn to deal with his sexual fantasies.
Say, what do you think, am I doing?
Day and night I am helping him to come to terms.
It's a full time job.
I don't get you.
Truly?
I will not have him taken away from me a second time.
Is this so hard to understand?
And how much do I owe you?
It's for free.
Can I enter too?
Just wait.
Now?
One more moment.
You can enter now.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you.
Happy Birthday dear Sven.
Thanks, that's enough.
Best wishes for your 14th birthday.
Anything wrong?
14th, 15th, 16th, 17th birthday.
Wrong as well.
Oh man, it's easy to get mixed up with you.
Are you drunk?
I already toasted with the large number of our guests.
Come on, blow them out.
Hey! don't you remember how this is done?
I'm giving you a gift and you stand right in front of me.
And with a bright sparkle in your eyes, you ask me:
Is this for me?
But your eyes did sparkle more in the past.
Come on, unwrap it.
The latest digital gadget.
Get it out of the box.
You have to test it.
It won't bite.
what do you want to prove with that?
You do want to prove something with that.
You...
... want to prove something for me.
Understood?
"Where was that?"
"At Richard Square. To the colleagues nearby: Keep your eyes peeled."
"What does he look like?"
"Young male, trousers, shirt, just like a child molester would look like."
"One is walking down the Passendorfer (street)"
"Are you all set at Rotherstreet?"
"2 1 7 5 receiving?"
"He should walk towards you now."
I dont see anyone."
"Shit, the guy is disappeared."
"He's going towards South Park, just in front of me."
"Now in the Hellersberger (street), he is rushing."
Where is he?
He is not coming out from there.
Achim!
Get up.
Turn around.
Turn around, will you?!
Achim!
Come away! Come away! Come away!
He is one nervous bundle.
You are like a junkie.
Twisted and dishonest.
Never trust a junkie.
We did celebrate the leaving do.
Patrick has moved out, we did celebrate the leaving do.
The maid will be here soon.
Clean the room.
I did sell the business.
Otherwise I would have been bankrupt.
Bechler is running it now.
Did he mention anything to you?
Me as an entrepreneur...
... maybe not the right thing for me.
I love you.
I need my freedom.
You know what?
Now I am back,...
... where I started 15 years ago.
One man business.
I am almost 40.
You have to make a decision.
Achim?
Sven?
Just tell me your name again.
Leon Döring
How old are you?
I will be 11 in September.
Do you know how to make a funny face?
And...
... do you already know, how to kiss?
A real kiss?
Show me.
Kiss the hand.
What has happened?
Did you have a boy here?
Where is he?
Sven, I did ask you something.
Where is the boy?
He ran away.
Come along, let's drive home.
What are you doing? What are you doing?
How about a trip?
Not to Malle or so.
No, a real big trip.
Just the two of us.
In a taxi.
In a taxi...
... all the way to India.
Shortly after my exam,...
... I did hit the road already.
Me and a few pals bought an old VW van back then.
But soon it was over.
The engine broke.
But this won't happen to us, of course.
From Greece...
... over the Bosporus...
... through Turkey, then Iran, ...
...Afghanistan, ...
...Pakistan, ...
... all the way to India.
To Andhra Pradesh (Indian state).
Where the last free tigers roam.
Good evening, Criminal Investigations, Officer Hartmann.
Is Mr. Sven Maas living here?
One moment please.
Sven?
Sven!
I am calling you, when I am ready.
Yes, okay.
"Visitor ID"
Thank you.